before the next time, I want to record:

I start the new course communication, and try to learn something.
I am trying to say to my supervisor about the stand-up course, but I cannot say it, since I am worried if he says it will occupied my time. And also, I am taking a data management course, which I think I really fight for it. but until now, basic and general things are introduced, which I think kindly waste the two hours.

20240117
I feel very bad today after the group meeting, which I think as a phD student, I am not qualified enough. I am not as good as other people. Like I ask wired or basic science question. And I don't know part of my research. 
And I also find I am keeping comparing everything, like compare me and others. and cannot stop

20240119
I feel very very much pressure today. I have planned an experiment since last week. But I am also busy with other things. And yesterday, I got my period, which I took twice painkillers, still cannot work. So I asked for day-off. And we decided finish the experiment in coming days. Today, my superiors start to ask me the results of that. I keep work and without leave my workplace for drink water for more than 4 hours. I was dealing with my computer issues, and I feel my body extremely uncomfortable, my brain frozen. But I cannot stop work, otherwise, my pressure will go up. And I  want cry.  
Good news, I wrote to my supervisor how I was feeling. And he explained he only want to help me due to I postpone twice of my experiments. 

20240124
This morning I feel a bit tired. Since I found a new paper related to my topic and published this year. I am always afraid when I started my phD of other competitors. And hard work for me, I prefer to keep doing one thing rather than keep changing my focus. Like I need to search all different information, and transfer my concentration from one thing to other thing. I don't know how to improve or change it. 

20240125
Yesterday, my promoter and my supervisor sit with me together and we discussed a bit of mine things, mental. I mentioned four of my problems: 1-communication way 2-argue or disagree moments with my supervisor 3- unsuitable comparation 4- my ambition and the realism of my careers. They said a lot, and make me think the things in different ways! That's quite important for me.  And we decided to arrange such meeting per two or three month. 
20240128
Negative Psychological Implication

20240130
visit Psychological counsellor
We talked a lot, including:
* how ABC sentence means during the communication
* inner criticus and inner friend
* 

20240131
Psychological mood swings because it didn't go according to plan. Cause I think my colleague who didn't do his job well. 

