[[2024-05-14]]
I assume I am insane, I want to put the enter of me into my science work, because I love it so much. But I kindly know that not right and not healthy. I don't have enough rest, sleep, food, time with friend. But It is so hard to stop. Van Hago come to my mind, I am a bit afraid if I turn to that type of person, loosing all of mine control and sense. Then I notice, maybe I start the loop again. I take the medicine, and really try to come down.  I try to stop myself from working and to go for a rest, a walk. But I cannot.

what I did: since I think of Van Hago, I am a bit scrared. Aftering writing for a while. I left my office, and walked around 30 minutes outside. Then I feel better already. I finished one work on morning. I was back to home and make food for myself, and tidy my room a bit, and also call my parents. and took 40 minutes for Positive Thought Meditation. When I was back to office at 14:00 I feel much better! And I decided leave my work this evening. 

[[2024-05-17]]
I am a bit delay of my work, since I had bad teeth pain from Wed morning, which I acted very soon and arranged all treatment immediately. So I piled up a lot of work. I feel very nerves, then I stop working on them rather did other things, like planning the trip. When I used the two hours to finished my planning. I didn't feel better. And my back is super pain too. 
During the Friday (which I finally could work), I still have too much things in my mind, not agenda, but inside of my heart/mind. I thing these gave me pressure too. 
I plan an experiment yesterday, But I just suddenly realised today that the instrument doesn't work and I'm bitter at myself for not checking ahead yesterday. This thing still prevents me from working. 
I am equally baffled and unhappy about how my body always goes wrong when I need it to be healthy the most. I doubt I will ever be able to produce results.
But the good thing is that I continually work on regulating it, and I don't know if it's working or not

[[2024-05-21]]
Last week, I went out with a male I liked, then I found he has a girlfriend already, Which I more felt I was cheated. But I think I kindly went through the feeling. And I also found that I don't like the rejection feel of everything of my life, and it is also hard for me to refuse other people. I will try to make an excuse for me and other people, when we refuse to each one everytime. 

