[[2024-03-12]]
Yesterday, I thought a lot, and from the morning of yesterday until today, I cannot focus on my work. I feel upset and confused. Let me first talked about yesterday. I have a supervisor, and he is really successful in academic, but I don't want to become to him. But it unavoidable, we become similar sometime. This year, I am a second-year phd student, and I have my master student. She is a good Chinese girl. In general we work fine. But there are already two times I am really upset of her and don't want to face to her. I summary these a bit, I found her doesn't like to listen to me, and also lack a bit of motivation. I think I won't I will say everything here. Anyway, about 3 times angary, I still decided to solve problem, and try my best. Maybe I am improving. 
[[2024-03-15]]
I have a flight with my colleague (friend). I want to talk about this. 
And also I found that I really focus on how other people look at me. And at the most time, I think I massed up everything. 

[[2024-03-26]]
In all, I am on the good way, it is just sometimes, still I was upset. I want to summary these two month a bit. First of all, I am very busy due to the visiting of my parents, my main job, and my part-time job, so I worked quite a lot. Second, I deal with more complex relationship with my colleagues, and friends. I kindly solved all of them, just sometime I still feel unhappy of it, I want to overcome the feeling.  Third, I found that I try to control everything even in my life, and of course it sometimes lose my control. I hardly stand to the feeling. And also, I still not that really like my work pattern. I discussed a lot of this with my supervisor, he sometime shows avoid, and sometimes his answer is not like I assumed.   

[[2024-03-26]]
Summary from meeting with psychologist
before starting to talk, it is good to define the common sense, like which really means open or flexible for both.
If you want to compare to judge, you should compare things under the same condition, like you want to know how other people face to the negative results 
And you could start with test how other people act, then decide how to get alone with them, in which way. For example, start with short talk to ask, if no answer. Then you can first send a small task to observe how they will deal with the task. Then you will know which way maybe better.
Also about losing control feeling, the process is joyful, but not real matter, as long as finally we reach the point, everything is not losing control.
it maybe unreality to divide your life and work, of course they will effect on each other. But maybe it is not bad.
And good work will make your happy, and get the sense of achievement. not only always pursue and keep failing.  


