[[2025-05-14]] 
feel pressure, but first time to try talk this with Lennart. And also try not to totally shut off 

[[2025-05-22]] 
Arrange a meeting with Lennart at mid-July
target: good science for the last year 
requirement I can meet:
questions: 

ability of mine:

about efficiency 

[[2025-06-20]] 
in past weeks, I lost my interests a bit, but I am back to my interests now. The reason is that I kept thinking I should do the fourth year staff, I push myself on work, which was not working for me. Now I decided that I spend my fourth year just like the previous years. I think I did great previous years, so I will do good at the last one as well. 

And I want to set goals besides work, here are things that I interests, and I will pick 3-4 things to focus.

dance + 外景视频  3.5 hour
piano 0.75 hour x 7  5 hours
fit body  0.75 hour  x 3   2.25 hour  
boulder 2.5 hour 
read certain book: 幸福的勇气  
冥想 0.25 hour x 7    2 hours
德语 0.25 hour x 7    2 hours
画画 1.5 hour 
拼装积木 2 hour 
improve shooting
improve cooking： easy, fast, healthy,  
try new things: 高尔夫，卡丁车，蹦床，

Time count: 
6 + 2 + 3.5 x 2 =  15 hours
15 - 2.5 - 2.25 - 4 - 2
each week, 2-3 weekday night, take 1-2 hours at reading and writing work, and take 6 hours for work at weekend. = 10.5 hours

list to do 

read certain book: 幸福的勇气 start from 0.5 hour  朗读
冥想 0.25 hour x 7    2 hours 
德语 0.25 hour x 7    2 hours to reach Duo Level 4
Thu. boulder 2.5 hour get Line 6+ and looking for a completion 
body fit Mon. Wed.  Fri. 45 mins  reach to 52 kg, 力量训练 + 爬楼
拼装 after 画画 Wed. night  finished the one 2 hour
piano 0.75 hour after dinner time Mon-Sun, 预计达到钢琴2级

Aug mid:
rowing
and play


